This project went smoothly at first, but when I got to the quiz section is when I started to face problems. I first lookked through all the html and tried to utilize the classes and ids for styling in my separate css file. I felt this was most appropriate according to what we did in class, and it started to click as to how styling can be easily applied if the html organization is done well. I prompted ChatGPT more than I am proud of, but it helped me understand how one can get nice looking round containers for elements in my html file.
The next issue, though, was trying to get the OCTOPUS QUIZ header and image on the left, and the questions and input on the right. I'm still not happy with the solution I have, but it works for now. I don't know if I accidentally moved some elements around, but the octopus image was above the header, and figured that the goal of the assignment was to change the HTML as little as possible. I used the position css attribute to position the header and image correctly, though a problem with this is that depending on the viewport size the header and image can be incorrectly positioned. I did a similar approach with the questions and input, and decided that I spent enough time on getting it all to work. 
The rest of the document was pretty straight forward. Because everyhing was already labeled with id or classes, I just took some old CSS styling from the above elements and fitted it to the table and footer. Learning from this, I realized css is a lot bigger and has a lot more functionality than I realized, and simply knowing css code doesn't inherently make a website look good. 